docs(components): [tooltip] add events (#22612)
element-plus/element-plus: docs/en-US/component/tooltip.md

| focus-on-target ^(2.11.2) | when triggering tooltips through hover, whether to focus the trigger element, which improves accessibility                                                                            | ^[boolean]                                                                                                                                                                  | false             |

### Events

| Name   | Description                                                                                                       | Type                                               |
| ------ | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------- |
| before-show | Triggers before tooltip is shown. Passes trigger reason as argument. | ^[Function]`(value: boolean) => void` |
| show | Triggers when tooltip is shown. Passes trigger reason as argument. | ^[Function]`(value: boolean) => void` |
| before-hide | Triggers before tooltip is hidden. Passes trigger reason as argument. | ^[Function]`(value: boolean) => void` |

> | hide | Triggers when tooltip is hidden. Passes trigger reason as argument. | ^[Function]`(value: boolean) => void` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| before-show | Triggers before tooltip is shown. Passes trigger reason as argument. | ^[Function]`(event?: Event) => void` |
| show | Triggers when tooltip is shown. Passes trigger reason as argument. | ^[Function]`(event?: Event) => void` |
| before-hide | Triggers before tooltip is hidden. Passes trigger reason as argument. | ^[Function]`(event?: Event) => void` |
| hide | Triggers when tooltip is hidden. Passes trigger reason as argument. | ^[Function]`(event?: Event) => void` |
```
